docs: example of csharp example serializer (#567)
asyncapi/modelina: examples/README.md

- [TEMPLATE](./TEMPLATE) - A basic template used to create new examples.
- [java-generate-tostring](./java-generate-tostring) - A basic example that shows how to generate models that overwrite the `toString` method
- [csharp-generate-equals-and-hashcode](./csharp-generate-equals-and-hashcode) - A basic example on how to generate models that overwrite the `Equal` and `GetHashCode` methods

> - [csharp-generate-serializer](./csharp-generate-serializer) - A basic example on how to generate models that serializes data to validate against the schema

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [csharp-generate-serializer](./csharp-generate-serializer) - A basic example on how to generate models that include function to serialize the data models to JSON.
```
